README.md, before:

# `vc-js` CLI _(vc-js-cli)_

> A command line interface for `vc-js` Verifiable Credentials library, based on Docker

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Commercial Support](#commercial-support)
- [License](#license)

## Background

This is a Docker-based cross platform CLI tool for using the 
[`vc-js`](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js) 
[Verifiable Credentials](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/)
library (useful for testing, or issuing and verifying credentials from non-JS
languages).

See the [`vc-js` README](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js) for further
information, background and discussion. 

## Install

Requirements:
* A 64-bit system
* git >= v2.x
* Docker >= 18.x (and a Docker Hub account(?))

To install locally (for development):

```
git clone https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js-cli.git
cd vc-js-cli
npm install
```

## Usage

TBD

See the [VC Demo](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-demo) repo for some
instructions to get started.

## Contribute

See [the contribute file](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/bedrock/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

PRs accepted.

Small note: If editing the Readme, please conform to the
[standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.

## Commercial Support

Commercial support for this library is available upon request from
Digital Bazaar: support@digitalbazaar.com

## License

[New BSD License (3-clause)](LICENSE) © Digital Bazaar

Commit message:

Distinguish usage vs dev requirements.

README.md, after:

# `vc-js` CLI _(vc-js-cli)_

> A command line interface for `vc-js` Verifiable Credentials library, based on Docker

## Table of Contents

- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Commercial Support](#commercial-support)
- [License](#license)

## Background

This is a Docker-based cross platform CLI tool for using the 
[`vc-js`](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js) 
[Verifiable Credentials](https://w3c.github.io/vc-data-model/)
library (useful for testing, or issuing and verifying credentials from non-JS
languages).

See the [`vc-js` README](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js) for further
information, background and discussion. 

## Install

To use this tool, you only need Docker and Git. 

To develop/modify it, you will also need to install Node.js and other deps. 

#### Requirements (to use)
* A 64-bit system
* git >= v2.x
* Docker >= 18.x (and a Docker Hub account(?))

#### Requirements (to modify/develop)

In addition to the usage requirements above, you will need to install `npm`
and Node.js 12+.

To install locally (for development):
```
git clone https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-js-cli.git
cd vc-js-cli
npm install
```

## Usage

See the [VC Demo](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/vc-demo) repo for some
instructions to get started.

## Contribute

See [the contribute file](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/bedrock/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

PRs accepted.

Small note: If editing the Readme, please conform to the
[standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.

## Commercial Support

Commercial support for this library is available upon request from
Digital Bazaar: support@digitalbazaar.com

## License

[New BSD License (3-clause)](LICENSE) © Digital Bazaar
